---
title: 'Privacy Policy'
layout: '~/layouts/MarkdownLayout.astro'
---

_Last updated_: April 28, 2025

This Privacy Policy explains how Pelagornis ("Company", "We", "Us", or "Our") collects, uses, and discloses Your information when You use Our Website.

## Interpretation and Definitions

### Interpretation

Words with initial capital letters have specific meanings defined below.

### Definitions

For the purposes of this Privacy Policy:

- **Account** means a unique account created for You to access Our Service.
- **Company** refers to Pelagornis, based in California, United States.
- **Personal Data** is any information that relates to an identified or identifiable individual.
- **Service** refers to the Website.
- **Usage Data** refers to data collected automatically, generated by the use of the Service or from the Service infrastructure itself.
- **Website** refers to Pelagornis, accessible from [https://pelagornis.com](https://pelagornis.com)
- **You** means the individual accessing or using the Service, or a company, or any other legal entity on behalf of which such individual is accessing or using the Service.

## Collecting and Using Your Personal Data

### Types of Data Collected

**Personal Data**

While using Our Service, We may ask You to provide Us with certain personally identifiable information, such as:

- Email address
- Name (optional)
- Usage Data

**Usage Data**

Usage Data is collected automatically when using the Service and may include:

- Your device’s Internet Protocol (IP) address
- Browser type and version
- Pages of our Service that You visit
- Time and date of Your visit
- Time spent on pages
- Unique device identifiers and other diagnostic data

### Tracking Technologies and Cookies

We use Cookies and similar tracking technologies to track activity on Our Service and store certain information.

**Technologies we use may include:**

- **Cookies or Browser Cookies.** A cookie is a small file placed on Your Device.
- **Web Beacons.** Certain sections of Our Service may contain electronic files known as web beacons.

You can instruct Your browser to refuse all Cookies or to indicate when a Cookie is being sent. However, if You do not accept Cookies, You may not be able to use some parts of Our Service.

## Use of Your Personal Data

Pelagornis may use Personal Data for the following purposes:

- To provide and maintain Our Service
- To manage Your Account
- To contact You by email regarding updates or informative communications
- To manage Your requests
- To detect, prevent and address technical issues
- For other purposes such as data analysis, identifying usage trends, and improving Our Service

## Disclosure of Your Personal Data

We may share Your personal information in the following situations:

- **With Service Providers:** We may share Your personal information with Service Providers to monitor and analyze the use of Our Service.
- **For business transfers:** In case of a merger, acquisition, or asset sale, Your Personal Data may be transferred.
- **With Your consent:** We may disclose Your personal information for any other purpose with Your consent.

## Security of Your Personal Data

We strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect Your Personal Data, but no method of transmission over the Internet or method of electronic storage is 100% secure.

## Your Rights

Depending on Your location, You may have the following rights regarding Your Personal Data:

- The right to access, update, or delete the information We have on You
- The right to object to processing
- The right to data portability
- The right to withdraw consent

To exercise these rights, please contact us at [official@pelagornis.com](mailto:official@pelagornis.com).

## Children's Privacy

Our Service does not address anyone under the age of 18. We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from anyone under 18.

## Links to Other Websites

Our Service may contain links to other websites not operated by Us. We strongly advise You to review the Privacy Policy of every site You visit.

## Changes to this Privacy Policy

We may update Our Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify You of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.

Changes are effective when they are posted on this page.

## Contact Us

If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, You can contact us:

- By email: [official@pelagornis.com](mailto:official@pelagornis.com)
